chore: fix Windows install step (#100)
beclab/docs: docs/manual/get-started/install-olares-windows.md

   ![Change execution policy](/images/manual/get-started/change-execution-policy.png)
## Install Olares
1. Click https://windows.olares.sh to download the installation script `publicInstall.latest.ps1`.

> 2. Open PowerShell as administrator, navigate to the script’s location, `C:\Users\<YourUsername>\Downloads` for example, and execute the script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Execute the script.

   a. Open PowerShell as an administrator, then navigate to the folder where the script is located. For example, if the script is in the `Downloads` folder, run the following command:
   ```powershell
   cd C:\Users\<YourUsername>\Downloads
   ```

  b. Once in the correct folder, run the following command:
    ```powershell
   .\publicInstall.latest.ps1
   ```

```

Separate it into two steps.

Reviewer: How about a note?
```
:::warning Administrator privileges required
Running PowerShell without administrator privileges may cause the installation to fail.
:::
```
